Troy Henikoff (he/him): Friday, right.
Lilliana Robinson: How exciting is that this is! You have not missed a Bay Area Demo day yet, because you were on stage for 2 of them. And now you're gonna attend. It's great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm very excited. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Okay? Well, I'm excited for you to hear the pitches, because Neil and I had individual practice sessions with each of the founders last Thursday and Friday. And so they've really they've really become something different. Tomorrow is their final approval. Deadline. So
Lilliana Robinson: these are not like approved, finalized yet. So if there's anything you want them to switch or anything, they still have time. They have a day. But I know that you wanna also focus a lot more on delivery and such in that vein. Do you want them to stand up so that you can give them like delivery?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think it's way better. If you stand. When you deliver you can. You can still read off the screen.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But what happens is you're just much more energetic and animated when you're standing. It's hard to be animated when you're sitting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And actually, if you've noticed a lot of times I'm standing when I'm talking to you guys.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm traveling today. So it's a little harder. I'm at a laptop, whatever at my fake background. It's the fake background of my real background.
Lilliana Robinson: Never touched.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): yeah. So anyway. But yeah. So if I met a funny angle, it's because I'm standing up to try to be more animated with you all.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So what I'd love you to do is to give your pitch, and to
Troy Henikoff (he/him): really think about not just the words, but how you want to deliver them. So I know that I've helped a couple of you over the last couple of weeks, and one of the things that is has helped me to help you better is when you have sent me either an audio or a video of your pitch, because I can hear your intonation. I can feel the passion. And that's a really important component of that pitch. Not just the words that are on paper.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I'm ready whenever you are.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. So why don't? Why don't you guys find a way to you can even just tilt your screen back and like, stand up, even if it's not that great of an angle. But it's important. When it's your turn you stand. It's another reason outside of us being able to hear your energy is that if you're just practicing sitting down this whole time when you get to next week and you start giving it standing up, it's going to be completely different. And you're going to not remember it. And you're going to be confused. Why, it's so different. And it's because you weren't practicing in the way you're going to perform it.
Lilliana Robinson: So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: Not negative.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'll tell you guys a quick story on this line, and I wish I had known this when I was younger. So there's this. There's this saying that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): practice how you want to perform right? And what happens is, however, you practice it. You build muscle memory in that way, and then, when you're on stage and you get nervous, you will default to whatever is most comfortable, which is the way you've been practicing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So when I was an athlete in high school, they would have us do drills, and I hated doing the drills. I was like, this is such a waste of time, and I would do them half ass, and I wouldn't do them with good form, because I just had to do 10 on this side and 10 on that side, and whatever.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and I was my own worst enemy if I had understood. The reason you do, drills is to perfect that muscle motion, whatever that motion is so that in the game, in the sport you default to that perfect motion.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): when you do them half-assed, you default to half-assed
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right? And so, if you want to be great on stage. Now is the time that you start practicing
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like you want to perform.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so it really is important that you practice standing up, that you practice having a motion when you talk, that you use pacing, sometimes quiet and slow, sometimes fast and loud, because you're excited.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because if you get used to reading, just a drone to memorize the words. That's what you will sound like when you get on stage.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Pretty good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right.
Lilliana Robinson: Agreed. Also, practice standing still. That's a huge one. People are always shocked when they get into Week 13. And I make them start over because they're pacing all around.
Lilliana Robinson: You have to plant your feet. You can take a step forward at a moment that is for dramatic purpose. Otherwise you shouldn't be moving. It's very distracting. And it makes you look nervous.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so those are all our tips. Who would like to go first.st
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, do we already have names in the chat.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, no, that's Fabio. Okay, okay, Dave, you got it.
Dave Scott: Hey, guys?
Dave Scott: Let me see if I can set up my camera so that you guys can see me.
Lilliana Robinson: Good. Go ahead and stand up, Dave Troy! Do you want them to start again with their objective? So you can remember
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think it's really helpful, not just for me, but I think it's helpful for you. My objective is, and give a very clear objective for what you want to achieve in this 1 min.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because it will help you as you're delivering your 1 min.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): or do you want to know their objective for all of demo day, like
Troy Henikoff (he/him): focus on the pitch at this point, because we're not gonna change the other stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: So who are you speaking to in this pitch? Go ahead and answer that question.
Lilliana Robinson: What do you want them to get.
Dave Scott: Yeah, I am speaking to potential investors to close my round unless my round has already been closed, and then I'll be speaking to potential investors for my next round.
Lilliana Robinson: Where do you want them?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If it is.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yep.
Dave Scott: And so my objective is to be able to schedule as many, many meetings as possible
Dave Scott: after this Demo day.
Lilliana Robinson: So join me for the pitch specific. Sorry to interrupt.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So so let's let's pretend we're doing jobs to be done. So you want to get those meetings. And what are you gonna do in order to get those meetings.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Dave Scott: My pitch is to introduce them into the market that I'm selling, into, which is tabletop games. Help them understand why there's been a disruption, and how my product is gonna solve
Dave Scott: that particular disruption, such that I'm going to dominate this industry.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So I'd say it a little differently. We're getting to the right track. But to cut to the chase, I'd say my goal is to get people to understand the massive size of this tabletop game industry, the seismic, the the change that's happening to online and be curious about how you know, and and want to ask me. Engage with me more about how we're going to dominate the industry.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So it's about them, not you. So I don't like. When people say my objective is to describe my business.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Anybody can do that. Your objective is to get curiosity out of the audience about your business. Your objective is to get right because you want an impact and effect on them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So all right, Dave, let's hear it.
Dave Scott: Okay. So I made a major change to this and I. And you guys have already heard my last one. I want to get back, get feedback on this major change.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yep.
Dave Scott: At the last minute, right?
Dave Scott: Thanks to shows like stranger things, tabletop role, playing games like dungeons and dragons are as popular as ever.
Dave Scott: Over a hundred 50 million gamers come together with friends and family each week to throw dice.
Dave Scott: but then Covid prevented people from getting together in person, and permanently disrupted the way this 50 year old game was being played.
Dave Scott: even though people couldn't get together like they used to.
Dave Scott: The demand has never changed.
Dave Scott: I'm Dave Scott, founder of evil genius games. We make it easy to recreate the physical game experience on the computer anywhere in the world.
Dave Scott: We're ushering in the future of tabletop games.
Dave Scott: Since launching 2 years ago we have grown to 35,000 customers, and we're on a path to hit 2 million dollars in revenue. In 2024
Dave Scott: we created the perfect solution to make stranger things more familiar than ever.
Lilliana Robinson: Great job, Dave. That was almost exactly a minute.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I liked it. I mean you, you and I've gone back and forth. I don't feel like it. Was that different than our last rendition. What was so different.
Dave Scott: So what I actually did is I removed the concept about, we amplify we. This amplified the loneliness epidemic so many people experience during the pandemic
Dave Scott: and I removed. We're here to restore those social relationships and cure the loneliness so pharmacological.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I mean for me. The big catch was Giant market 150 million people.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They're still wanting to do it today. And you already have 35,000 paying customers who've given you 2 million bucks. I'm interested
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like the fact that you have 2035,000 people who've given you 2 million dollars means there is traction here.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I love it.
Dave Scott: Oh, I got the L. Word from Troy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, no, I really I do. And and I think your and I think your delivery was good. Did you guys notice how he
Troy Henikoff (he/him): paused.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): How he used his voice! He used his hands to emphasize like stranger things like you. I
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think you just
Troy Henikoff (he/him): polish like, you know. Keep polishing the delivery. So it's totally comfortable. You can do it in your sleep, and you're going to get up on stage, and it's going to be effortless.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I wouldn't change anything.
Lilliana Robinson: I knew it was great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm curious, I mean, I am very open to hearing other suggestions. Anybody have any other comments or suggestions.
Lilliana Robinson: I would just say I I'm guessing that a lot of that delivery was like kind of spur of the moment like that. That's not something you could consistently do 5 times, and it would be the same every time. So I encourage you to watch this recording back and watch what you were doing, and try and like.
Lilliana Robinson: bake it into the pie. So it's not just that that happened to be good, but you can do it consistently like that every time, because you have to add the nerve element right? It'll be a little bit different. So make it second nature, like I loved. How you pause before you said like making it familiar again, and like whatever you did in your body, there was like very confident. So just watch it back, and then practice doing that again and again.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: Great, great job. Thanks for starting us off, Dave. Okay, Morgan.
Lilliana Robinson: Where's market? Are you able to see that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Phone booth. So I mean, I'm just going to get in the corner of the phone booth all right.
Lilliana Robinson: That's fine!
Morgan Stanton: Don't still fit.
Morgan Stanton: Alright, what's happening?
Morgan Stanton: Okay, yeah. To start with the objective. So my objective for the pitch specifically is to get people excited for the video and to come talk to me to the networking event afterward. So it's the really kind of like real people.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Very clear.
Morgan Stanton: Interested on doing. And then the objective of Demo Day is to get these investors. I've spoken to a little bit over the year coming in for a second meeting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yep.
Morgan Stanton: Okay, exploring the deep blue sea, the great unknown
Morgan Stanton: words from famed oceanographer, Jacques Cousteau.
Morgan Stanton: No, these are phrases used to describe female gynecological health.
Morgan Stanton: I'm Morgan Stanton. I'm the CEO of opal therapeutics. I have a Phd. I'm a scientist. I'm here to ask, why are we still so lost when it comes to the uterus.
Morgan Stanton: Even in us market valued at over 180 billion dollars. Ambitions in women's health have remained timid. Some would even say, meager.
Morgan Stanton: does this sit right with you? Should we settle for mediocre when it comes to your health, your daughter's health, your mom's health, because right now women are forced to accept a lower standard of care and a lower quality of life than men.
Morgan Stanton: The good news, biotech and pharma are waking up to this problem. Losing a few 1 billion dollars in bad experiments will do that to you.
Morgan Stanton: So let's forge a new path forward. No more treating women's health as uncharted waters at Opal. Female biology isn't just seen. It's deeply understood. It's prioritized, and it's valued. So let me show you how we got here. And more importantly how Opal is going to fix it.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 0, 1.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Oh, I think your opening is awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I I had forgotten where it was going, and when I heard, I'm like, Oh, that's right. And I just big smile came across my face. Because I think it really is. It's 1 of those openings where you have misdirection.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and what that means to me is, I think you're going one way, and I'm like Whoa! I better pay attention. She went a totally different direction. So I really like the opening
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the piece that's missing for me. And maybe this would come in. The video is from just your words. I have no idea what your product is. I have no idea what you do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so you have to decide. Is that okay? And is there enough suspense and your video going to get their attention. Enough that paired. They're going to be perfect.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Or do you need to tease out the fact that you know? Yes, we have built an actual physical model of the like whatever. However, you want to describe it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay, in your, in your.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in your opening. Since I haven't seen your video, I don't know. And those 2 parry go together.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But you should know that at the end of the minute I had no idea what your product was.
Lilliana Robinson: That was.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Idea right, Morgan, like he said he, Neil was saying, like, it's going to be hard to get people to listen for all 6 min with how deep science this is. So he wanted Morgan to kind of take the route of spending the 1st minute to get people's investment of their attention.
Morgan Stanton: And yeah, so the the video is exactly what you said. I, I go more showcase. Some like prettier science pictures in the video and the Q&A. There's more about like how we are an actual business. I just don't want people to get bored. If I'm doing too much technical biotech talk.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I mean, I, what I remember is, you have some sort of a physical model of a uterus. Right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So are you. Do you show that right away in the video.
Morgan Stanton: It's in the. It's in the second half of the video.
Lilliana Robinson: It shows in like a lab coat in the lab, actually doing stuff and like kind of explains part of the product. And then they show it later, they explain their pilot customer and what they're doing for them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And do you tie it back to your pitch, IE.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Something like, you know, we're not exploring the deep blues.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): See, we have
Troy Henikoff (he/him): opal. You know we had. We had. We actually know we somehow tie it back to that phrase about the deep blue sea, or somehow the unknown or Jacques Cousteau, or like.
Morgan Stanton: That's a good, but I don't exactly tie it to Jacques Cousteau. The intro part of the video is showcasing, like, why we are here now, like why this problem exists like a very quick historical perspective of like, Hey, like women's health, is being ignored for a long time. And this is why we don't know about it. Here's opal for the solution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then you show the solution.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah, I talk about our pilot, how we're doing that. And then I show, like, what we're doing. If the the uterine organoid like, yeah. Organ model for the uterus.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I just wanna make sure that you
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you it'd be interesting for you to share your pitch
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and your video with someone who has no idea what you do, and get their reaction
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like. Do you put them to sleep before you shut before it appears?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Are they intrigued and and suspenseful and and do it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'd experiment with it with a handful of people who don't have a vested interest in you like. See if you can get maybe co-founders of some of the other company. Well, they'll know what you do. But see if you can get how you know. Don't do it with your immediate family. Don't do it with the Ceos around the table, who know what you're doing. See what reaction you get.
Lilliana Robinson: Go ask the the galvanized front desk. People like Pooja would listen. He has no idea what you do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, people like that. It'd be awesome. I do think that your opening is great. It is such misdirection that it just made me sit up in my seat and pay attention.
Lilliana Robinson: Couple of
Lilliana Robinson: delivery things. The beginning awesome. I think you should pause before you say before you introduce yourself, because you give a really good line before that, like it's been ignored for hundreds of years. Like pause, I'm Morgan Stanton. And then the second half was extremely rushed. So you had this great pace, this great like? What would you say like certainty in your words?
Lilliana Robinson: And then the second half, I just kept wanting you to pause, because you had these powerful lines, but you just kept going through them. So you need to figure out where to pause. It doesn't have to be every time. But just pick like in the second half there should probably be like 3 more pauses than what you did, and you were just working once. So you have time to pause. It! You just flew through it, and then it lost all the power behind the words.
Morgan Stanton: Okay, okay, I can do that.
Lilliana Robinson: That was it. Okay, good job, Morgan, let's go to Fabio.
Fabio Caironi: Hey, Troy, I've iterated your feedback multiple times.
Fabio Caironi: So the goal for the demo day in general is to attract investors
Fabio Caironi: and potential customers. So the pitch video. Sorry the the 1 min pitch
Fabio Caironi: will have has a purpose of getting investors that are already
Fabio Caironi: familiar with this pace even more excited. So something's gonna click in their mind. And they're gonna be like, oh, now I see the problem even even better.
Fabio Caironi: And that would
Fabio Caironi: demo video. As you suggested, we want to convey this sense of confidence that we, we got it. We can solve the problem.
Fabio Caironi: And finally, the QA. Where we'll actually address some of the biggest questions like, How can you compete against? Aws? Who is our your Icp and security related questions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Hey!
Fabio Caironi: The next wave of AI. Innovation isn't about smarter algorithms. It's about unleashing the power to scale
Fabio Caironi: companies like Rampod model. And Anyskill have already lined up in the rush to serve the builders of the greatest applications of tomorrow.
Fabio Caironi: But how can these companies serve a demand projected to double by 2030, if they mainly rely on finite infrastructure provided by centralized clouds.
Fabio Caironi: My name is Fabio, and that's why I founded by Knight. We offer a platform that brings together the scale of crowdsource, computing with the accessibility of serverless configurations, so that companies building an AI big data and media processing can utilize unlimited, untapped computing power without worrying about sourcing and managing.
Fabio Caironi: using byted allows them to get from 0 to functional with no delays and to unlock significant time and money savings that they can reinvest in their vision
Fabio Caironi: with our product set to launch by ear, and in a team deeply connected with the struggles in this industry, this vision will soon become a reality. Let me show you how we help. Companies succeed with White Knight.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 0, 5.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So what is your hook in the beginning? What do you think is going to get the audience's attention.
Fabio Caironi: The next wave of AI innovation isn't about algorithms.
Fabio Caironi: Is like, just I'm debunking this myth of
Fabio Caironi: Well, actually, for the general audience, who's like lay people, they're they're gonna be more interest to learn more about. What's behind AI and the people that actually already know about the problem of scale and computing. They're gonna be nodding. So the hook is just
Fabio Caironi: resonating.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yes, I don't think that's a hook.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So one of the things that I think I said in our 1st meeting was, if you say things that people just not along with, they're like, Yeah, I know what this is. I know what this is. Okay. I'm gonna get on my phone now, because I know this, I'm I got this
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right. And next thing you know, you've lost them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and that's why I liked Morgan's intro so well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): so much is because she started talking about the great blue sea and Jacques Cousteau, and then, like, No, that's the women woman's uterus, and I'm like what the oh, my God! Like I better pay attention. I don't know where this thing's going
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so I mean, I felt like
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I felt like you didn't have a hook, and then and this
Troy Henikoff (he/him): your your delivery was pretty monotone. Mono paste, monospaced mono! Everything which leads to boring.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and so I'd like to see you give me some cues about. What are you really excited about, and what part are you just telling me to inform me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and what it just makes it so much more interesting than saying the same words at the same pace, at the same volume all the time throughout your entire presentation, without any variation at all whatsoever.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You gotta have more dynamic right? Like, Liliana said. Whether it's dynamic in its volume, it's dynamic in its pacing. It's dynamic in your expression
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like, I want to see your excitement. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think I know you're running out of time. But I would love to see you have a hook.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What is something? What could you use as a hook in the beginning to get my attention.
Lilliana Robinson: It doesn't have to subvert expectations like Morgan. It could be something that's interesting that leads into your solution. Like Dave, like Dave, talks about stranger things, because not everyone knows dungeons and dragons. So it's like related to the populace. Right?
Lilliana Robinson: What is that like? Oh, I don't know something that's interesting that can then relate to what you're talking about.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, I gotta think about it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): No, I'm gonna give you some. I'm gonna try to throw some spaghetti on the wall. I'm sure that I'm wrong in what I say, but I'm just trying to give you ideas
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We all have heard of AI. We're all tired of hearing of AI,
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but I'm here to tell you why AI is so critical to new application.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we've all heard about AI and Chat Gpt, and think that it needs a hundred 1 billion dollars of investment
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to build an Llm.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I've got news for you. We have a solution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): or you can do it for the cost of aws.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Oh, I better pay attention right?
Lilliana Robinson: Troy. What about if he takes kind of what he already has, but makes it a lot more almost controversial, or like he's trying to ruffle feathers. I remember Andrew from Bloomfilter did something similar for his hook. If he's saying, like, Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: we have all these ideas for what AI innovation is, I want you to know they're wrong.
Lilliana Robinson: And then just pause. It's something like that where people are like what like
Lilliana Robinson: no, AI is the like, the biggest deal you're like, no AI needs to be used for scale. That's the future. Something like that where it's like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Totally.
Lilliana Robinson: You see that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Can it be controverted.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So.
Lilliana Robinson: That's cool.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So hopefully. You know, these will give you some ideas, and I don't think any one of the what the 3 things we just said, are the right ideas.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But they're gonna hopefully spur you. You, I really would like to see you have something that captures people's attention in the 1st 15 seconds.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah. So to be honest with you, I would like to keep most of it intact, like I would say 80% of it intact, so I would just need to change the hook which I totally agree with, and I think it. It's powerful to find something.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Why do you say you want to keep most of it intact? I'm curious.
Fabio Caironi: Because it's been like the result of 6 iterations where we actually like converged into like
Fabio Caironi: this way of delivering the problem and solution that
Fabio Caironi: passes from our competitors to the their shortages, their their problems. And then, what we do
Fabio Caironi: like, the solution mainly has been reworked multiple times to yeah. Well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): A lot of time into it. You all have put a lot of time into it, but those are sunk costs. That's not a reason to say you want to keep it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): so. What did you tell me? The objective was for the for the pitch part.
Fabio Caironi: So to get investor and customer attention.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so the objective is to get their interest and attention.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And when I ask why you want to keep it, you've talked about well how it describes the the problem and the solution, and how you've narrowed down on it. Not once did you mention this keeps people's attention.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): which is your objective right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And I'm I'm trying to be provocative here, not just for you, by the way, but for everybody on the call like this is why I have. You reiterate what your objective is
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because I think it does do a decent job of laying out what you do and how you do it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and don't take it the wrong way. I'm not trying to be a jerk about it, Fabio, but
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it's not that interesting the way you lay it out, and the way you deliver it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and your objective is to get attention and interest.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and so think about what are tweaks you can make to it to make it more attention. Getting and interesting.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You might not have to change much. It may be a couple words.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but remember, the objective is to get their attention and their interest.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, sorry. I I just have to. Add something here like our audience is idly of
Fabio Caironi: people that already understand. Understand this problem. So I'm totally with you, with the hook like.
Fabio Caironi: try to get the attention of any person like really trying to get them off their phone and and deliver something that is compelling. And oh, okay, I gotta listen to this. But then, like the rest of it, it people that are gonna understand this are. Gonna understand it like
Fabio Caironi: regardless. So I don't want to inflate it too much to make it sound rocket science when it's actually something very tangible that we are delivering a very tangible problem that we're solving. So I, my my only concern, is not to make it too much inflated and too much sci-fi like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): An inflated and sci-fi like, but you could.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So 1st of all, angel investors, which is who you're likely to get at this stage of a company.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Many of them will invest in something because it makes sense to them, not because they understand it deeply.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so by, if you get too technical. You're ruling out a bunch of potential check writers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And second of all, I mean, I think you can explain it in simpler terms where you could say. You know, I don't know what the rate
Troy Henikoff (he/him): again, I don't full. I certainly don't fully understand your technology, but
Troy Henikoff (he/him): just as aws brought the world from
Troy Henikoff (he/him): buying servers and stacking racks and investing capital.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We are taking Llms from expensive 1 billion dollar propositions to something that you can.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That's to something that you can implement, for you know the the cost of an aws
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like by using those kinds of words. You're sort of
Troy Henikoff (he/him): making it, not just explaining it to everybody. But you're also making it. Wow! That's really interesting. I don't know much about this, but I've heard about the billions of dollars that Openai has raised, and if we could do this for a fraction of that, I'm interested in investing.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, Fabio, I would say a couple of the things you're saying I don't think are what Troy is saying. Troy is not telling you to change the rest of the pitch to make it like
Lilliana Robinson: dumbed down. So people understand? He's only talking about your hook, and if you heard what he said, is that people right now with what it is are going to say, oh, I understand that. Yeah, it's a problem. But I'm not. This isn't super engaging. And they're gonna go on their phone. Even the people that you're saying you want to talk to, who understand part of that can be fixed in like the second, the 80% of the pitch after the hook. If you just fix your delivery
Lilliana Robinson: because you were saying it in a very boring way you were saying it almost like you're not excited about it. If you saw Morgan and Dave, you could feel how excited they are about their businesses. So you just need to practice that. But this, the hook part. It's also important for the people who understand, because you don't want them to just be like, Oh, yeah. Been there. Seen that? Totally. Get it? Let me check my email.
Fabio Caironi: Cool.
Fabio Caironi: Thank you for Juliana.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I don't think needs you to change the rest of the pitch. It's just the beginning, and then fix your delivery.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't need anything. I'm just trying to make suggestions. I want to be clear at the end of the day. This has to be something for that. Each of you
Troy Henikoff (he/him): is feels is authentic to what you're trying to deliver, that you believe in, and that you get up on stage with confidence delivering. I don't want you to be giving. You know my words because, I said, they're better. I want you to do your words that you are.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You believe in. You have confidence and are authentic to you. That's most important, because if you try to be someone else, it'll it'll show.
Lilliana Robinson: It's
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm just trying to nudge you in the right direction.
Lilliana Robinson: That is so important. All of you could leave it exactly the same. I would say, most of you, if you really didn't want to change it can leave it exactly the same as what you give today. But fix your delivery
Lilliana Robinson: that that it costs so much to have poor delivery you could have the same pitch twice and 2 different outcomes just by how you're saying it.
Lilliana Robinson: So just focus on that, Fabio. And then think about, think about your 1st sentence.
Fabio Caironi: Absolutely. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: All right, true.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah. So, hey, my objective is to expand my network within the gaming industry. So I'm expecting the investors get the attention. Who is like, who also has their own investments or own interest in the gaming industry, so they can introduce me with the
Çoruh | CogniScope: potential clients, and my pitch is built on expressing a problem
Çoruh | CogniScope: like with the how gaming industry interacts with the community, and how powerful is the community to explain a bit more about
Çoruh | CogniScope: the industry at all
Çoruh | CogniScope: over 1 billion dollars in gaming investments vanished this year
Çoruh | CogniScope: just because studios didn't understand their committees.
Çoruh | CogniScope: A minor update sparked over 300,000 negative reviews in 3 days for Sony's best multiplayer game. Helldivers 2.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And what's the consequence?
Çoruh | CogniScope: They lost 65% of their players in a month.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Companies have access to more user data than ever.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Hell! When you get home you might receive some sony ads on Instagram just because you listen to this pitch.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Gaming companies have that feedback, too.
Çoruh | CogniScope: but they can't cut through the noise.
Çoruh | CogniScope: They're missing the mark, and it's costing them hundreds of millions.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I'm Churu, the CEO of cogniscope. We uncover the why behind the what in today's community-driven world and help studios create games. Players. Truly, love.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Let me show you how cogniscope changes the game.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, that was 54 seconds. I have to say this pitch that you just did had the most people on this zoom like nodding along with you like a bunch of your classmates here. It was very good delivery, because a bunch of them are like, Oh, wow! That's great. I was just watching everyone's reactions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, no, I think it's come a long way. I think it's much better than the last time I heard it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think you are gonna have still have some challenge
Troy Henikoff (he/him): with your accent, and I think you've done a better job of of slowing down and and trying to articulate those words. There are a few words that are still a little hard like it takes processing for me when I hear your word to figure out. Oh, that's the word, he said.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So you know you can.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You can either you can work on it. Make sure you have pause. I would not add anything. You're 54 seconds if you have to slow your pace down ever so slightly on some of those more complicated words. That would be great work on articulation. I loved the part where you said your Instagram may have ads because you were sitting listening to the pit like that just made me chuckle inside. That was awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That was really really awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think it's come a long way. And then I assume we're gonna see a video that's gonna deliver on the promise of let me show you how this works, because you didn't tell me how it works.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You just set up the problem.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Exactly. The video is all about how it works and how they're like it's on the real life use case. So people can relate
Çoruh | CogniScope: how community managers and product managers has to deal with all kind of feedback.
Çoruh | CogniScope: a really like audio intensive experience.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I'm off to like. I'll put loads of sounds and ask some questions to the audience in the video. Did you understand anything? They said.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Neither did I, and neither the product managers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I was it this cohort that I shared the the pitch for Guillaume and pictorine.
Lilliana Robinson: The French accent.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Did you watch that one.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you remember? He put in the chat during the
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, I think so.
Lilliana Robinson: Gemini.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You say you think so? You would remember who watched the one with Guillaume and pictorine the French accent.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, maybe we didn't. Maybe it was a different cohort, because I'm surprised. None of you have seen this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's funny it is worth watching just for entertainment. But for those of you who are thinking about is my accent a liability or an asset.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm gonna I'm gonna find it right now, real quickly.
Lilliana Robinson: Got it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): He? Huh!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You got it already.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I got it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay. He did a great job of
Troy Henikoff (he/him): of making it an asset. He had this very thick French accent he was difficult to understand, and it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I loved it. He's great. You should watch it, particularly those of you, if you think you have any trouble with accents and articulation.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and for everybody else. It was just a fun fun pitch, I mean. People walked out of the House of Blues, mimicking him, saying that was for Mock.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and it was just funny. So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): anyway, take a look at it may give you some ideas.
Lilliana Robinson: I think maybe we talked about it, and then we never followed up with the link. So here's the link.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I I thought I had put it in there. But go ahead alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think.
Lilliana Robinson: I didn't post on base camp afterwards, so I kind of got lost in the ether. That's my bad, all right, Tro. Did you have any other questions, or are you good?
Çoruh | CogniScope: No, I'm good. Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Nick.
Nicholas Li: Hey? The angle is gonna be really weird.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That's fine!
Nicholas Li: Yeah. Our objective is sorry.
Lilliana Robinson: Project, so we can still hear you up there.
Nicholas Li: Yeah, our objective for the pitch is to introduce what international baccalaury is and like to provide context on why these students are stressed.
Nicholas Li: Yep, every night. Sorry every night in homes around the world. International baccalaureate students face the same crisis.
Nicholas Li: They've just finished their tutoring session. But now, alone at their desk. They're stuck.
Nicholas Li: Their next session is a full days, but their deadline is tomorrow
Nicholas Li: for these students. 1 point can mean the difference between Cambridge or not. Parents know this. Their child's education is priceless to them, and they'll spend any amount to give their child that edge.
Nicholas Li: because, unlike American college admissions. Conditional offers are absolute. You miss your target score overnight. Your acceptance letter is revoked.
Nicholas Li: I'm Nick and I built tutor me because I live this reality even with amazing teachers and tutors I was stressed, lost, and overwhelmed.
Nicholas Li: That gap between tutoring sessions and schools is where a tutor me comes in.
Nicholas Li: We're transforming what's possible between sessions.
Nicholas Li: When a student is stuck on an essay at midnight, we guide them through the thinking process and provide detailed Ib. Specific feedback instantly
Nicholas Li: with tutor. Me students get 24, 7 personalized dynamic feedback and support.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 0, 2.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think it's good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think it can be better
Troy Henikoff (he/him): so. I think your delivery can be more animated.
Nicholas Li: It wasn't horrible.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But it was sort of the same level, the same pace.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I feel like you have an opportunity at the end
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to add a word or 2 to close.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Go ahead, tying back to the beginning.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): so I don't know what it is. But what's your opening line?
Nicholas Li: Every night in homes around the world. International baccalaureate students face the same crisis.
Nicholas Li: They've just finished their tutoring sessions. But now, alone at the desk, and they're stuck. Their next session isn't for days, but then deadline is tomorrow.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, alright. And what's your last line?
Nicholas Li: With tier. 2. Me students get 24, 7 personalized dynamic feedback and support.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, they didn't feel like the end. I I almost was like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): In it.
Lilliana Robinson: That you stopped speaking because it wasn't like a close. You can like people to. And let's show you how it works.
Lilliana Robinson: or you can bring it back to.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Or yeah, or come back to the start. I was gonna suggest something like with tutor. Me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Students never have to feel stuck.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They never have to feel alone.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We're there 24, 7,
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know our, our with tutor me. They never feel stuck. They never have to feel alone. Help us change the world. Let me show you how it works.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Those aren't the exact words, but I'm trying to tie it back to how you opened and
Troy Henikoff (he/him): yeah. So there's a suggestion of of
Troy Henikoff (he/him): starting with a scene. It's 1130 on a Tuesday night. Well, so Demo day is going to be on a Friday.
Nicholas Li: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I wonder if you'd say something because it's gonna be a Friday evening
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and say, you know, you tie it to today. So if you said if you opened with something like
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it's Friday evening, and we're all celebrating here. But I can tell you that international baccalaureate students right now are panicked.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They just had finished their their tutoring session earlier. They don't have another one for 3 days, and their papers do, and you know their papers due on Monday
Troy Henikoff (he/him): they feel stuck. It's basically your same intro. It's just making it feel here. And now
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it is Friday evening. We're all celebrating. They're panicked.
Nicholas Li: Okay, that's good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And the same, the rest of the same words. I mean, it's I don't think it's any longer, and then in the end
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you can again tie back to it. So help us make sure that Novak Ib. Student needs to feel panicked on a Friday night.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We are there to help them at any time. Let me show you how it works.
Nicholas Li: Okay. I believe like that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think there's something there where you can personalize it. Tell the story.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think that was a great suggestion from Talitha. Did I pronounce that right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm so bad with names. I apologize.
Lilliana Robinson: No, that's correct.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yep, yeah. Make people feel it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and think about how people will feel in the audience like, we're all here celebrating. And Ib students around the world are panicking. What.
Nicholas Li: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Really good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's Friday night.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Boom! Boom! I think that I think you can do you deliver that. Well, that is, gonna that's gonna be awesome.
Nicholas Li: It's gonna take a little work on delivery.
Nicholas Li: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Pauses, confidence, yep.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, Nick, I feel like you're just like, naturally a very calm person. You don't have like a lot of like like high spikes of intonation on the regular. So you're gonna have to practice it. So it feels natural. But you do need to be
Lilliana Robinson: like
Lilliana Robinson: 20 to 25% more animated than you're than you would ever normally be, because you're on stage right? So like.
Nicholas Li: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Just don't be afraid to do that. It'll just enhance it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Have you to to that point, Liliana.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): have any of any of you have a theater background? Anybody been in a play?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): No theater background. Okay, Dave, I don't know if this will apply to you, but I'm gonna try.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So in theater, when you go on stage, they put a bunch of makeup on you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and the makeup they put on would look so obnoxious and horrible if you were like walking around in person.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right? And the reason they do. That is because it has to be visible from 5,100 200 feet away.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If you're right next to someone who has stage makeup on. They're like it looks like they painted, you know, round red circles on their cheeks to make them look rosy at 200 feet. They look like rosy cheeks. At 2 feet they look silly, they look like a clown.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Well, the same goes for your expressions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You have to exaggerate your expressions to make them come across across the distance. If you remember the routific pitch that we saw like at 1 point, he said, and these are the companies that love us already.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If you had done that in a casual conversation, people would send you to the insane asylum.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But on stage it looks appropriate.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You need to have bigger expressions, bigger intonations, more makeup.
Lilliana Robinson: That's exactly what I was thinking of with the makeup when I was saying.
Lilliana Robinson: 25% more than normal.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I mean, it's really. I remember as a kid, my mom used to take us on Sundays to this matinee thing for kids. And when the actors came out to sign your little book, they just looked like clown. Their makeup was so obnoxious, and it would just, I don't know. I have this very vivid
Troy Henikoff (he/him): image painted in my brain.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But you have to be. You have to be the makeup. You have to be more vivid, more impactful.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): exactly delivery.
Lilliana Robinson: And luckily you guys get a little bit of leeway, because this is one of the most intimate spaces we've ever done. Demo Day.
Lilliana Robinson: It's about like 150 people. And it'll be like, really exclusive in Google. So you won't have like people sitting super far away trying to see so there is some leeway. But it's still gonna be big enough that nobody's gonna like, Hear you or understand or listen in the back.
Lilliana Robinson: So you need to do that.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Nick. I can't wait to see what you come up with tomorrow. Make sure you you implement those things by tomorrow, Karim. You're next.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Trying to arrange my computer screen so you can see me standing out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yep.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: As an engineering executive. It's your job to have full visibility across your team, but many will admit it often feels like flying blind. I've been there, too, managing over 300 engineers taught me that higher roles mean bigger decisions, but fewer answers. I've also been an engineer in a big company, and I always thought I did a great job, but I had no way of showing or justifying this. To be a good leader. You need both the numbers and the story behind them.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: It's not just about hitting targets. It's about knowing who's creating value, who needs support. And when key projects will get done.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I'm kurum. And that's why I built snapshot reviews. Unlike unlike tools that only provide raw statistics. Snapshot uses AI to bring clarity and context by pulling data from Github.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Jira standups. And more, it helps you make faster, more confident decisions, whether reviewing performance, justifying headcount or optimizing costs. This isn't just another chat. Gpt Wrapper. It's solving a technical problem in a 40 billion dollars market for engineering performance and team insights it highlights. What's working what's not and where to focus your time, giving you the confidence to lead smarter.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 12, so slightly over.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): A little long
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in general. I think it. I think the
Troy Henikoff (he/him): pitch itself was good. I would love to see you work more on the delivery.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and again have more variation in pace
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and more variation in your volume. Use your voice.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So when you open up and you talk about how you need to. You need to have the data. And then you say, I know
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I was there.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I led these teams like do it as an aside almost like
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in Routeific. He did, if you remember, at
Troy Henikoff (he/him): at 1 point, he said, oh, and these companies grew up, and I know, because I was a consultant for these companies. Let me tell you what I learned
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right, just that variation will make it far more interesting. It was. It was a little too monotone.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): trying to think of how to make the opening a little bit more catchy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What if we did something like this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, managing engineer ears is about dashboards and numbers and productivity.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm here to tell you it's not.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's actually about understanding the stories behind
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the dashboards, the numbers and the productivity
Troy Henikoff (he/him): with. Armed with those stories, you have the ability to make better decisions in in less time and be much more effective at managing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I know I've been there. I managed over 300 engineers, and I was an engineer before that. It's a hard job
Troy Henikoff (he/him): without the tools. You feel like you're flying blind?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Does that rest.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I see what you mean. I mean, there's something
Kirimgeray Kirimli: in the the 1st paragraph that that is missing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Why don't you read your 1st paragraph to me again?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: As an engineering executive. It's your job to have full visibility across your team.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: but many will admit it often feels like flying blind.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I've been there, too.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: managing over 300 engineers taught me that higher roles mean bigger decisions, but fewer answers.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I've also been an engineer in a big company, and I always thought I did a great job, but I had no way of showing or justifying this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, that whole thing. That's all. Like, I'm nodding. And I'm like, Yeah, that makes sense. But I'm just not that interested.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And, by the way.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): while I never managed 300 engineers, my undergraduate degree is in engineering, and I have a master's in project management. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I really think that if you do something like
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like, I said, and you'll hear it in the recording. But you know, managing engineers is all about productivity and dashboards and kpis.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): or most people think managing engineers about dashboard productivity and kpis. It's not.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's about the stories behind them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then you say, I know blah blah blah like you. You have that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then the stories behind them. And then you talk about how your tool gets the data from all the various sources, puts it together and constructs and lets you know what's actually going on, which lets you address the problem, not the symptom of the problem. The symptom of the problem is, the Kpi is changing. The real problem is the story behind it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If you can address this real problem, you're going to be more successful.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think there's something in there.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I think I can. You don't look.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Convinced, but.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I'm trying to like
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and find a way to word it. But
Kirimgeray Kirimli: go back and go back and listen to the recording.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Wording.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Listen to the part I mean I I did it just off the off the cough.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but I think it was pretty close.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and it gave you an arc that could replace the 1st 20 seconds of your pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You'll change some words. You'll make it more accurate.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think there's something there for you to start with, and then you gotta tweak it a little bit.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that's why we record these. Because Troy is really great, like off the cuff stuff. And then you can just write it down.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The second to to say it again.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, it'll be really hard if they're like, okay, wait. Say it again. Let me write it down. It wouldn't be the same.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'd recommend you. Go back and just write down what I said that 1st time, because it felt like it flowed pretty well, and then decide what you like of it, what you don't throw out what you don't like, whatever, but again make it yours.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's got to be authentic. It's got to be yours. I'm just trying to give you suggestions to get the juices rolling for you to think about what feels best for you.
Lilliana Robinson: I can kind of tell from your delivery that a lot of this I know you worked on it with your co-founders. Really, you need to really own this pitch and know that know it like the back of your hand. So spend some time with it, because the delivery piece is gonna elevate this more than anything. It was really monotone, really kind of quiet. It would be really easy for people to have tuned out for that entire minute. I don't want them to do that, because it's a very good company
Lilliana Robinson: with very interesting things to say. But you're not saying it in an interesting way.
Lilliana Robinson: So I want you to really focus on delivery. So when you show it to us tomorrow.
Lilliana Robinson: try to have practiced interesting ways to say it like we said dynamics, loud, soft, fast, slow.
Lilliana Robinson: Put pauses, put inflection on your voice.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. Okay. Thanks. Krim. Did you have any more questions?
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. Let's go to Tamletha.
Talitha: Hi Troy. So the purpose of our pitch is to get the crowd excited about how the travel industry is going to look like in the future, and also get them. Curious about how we're going to be supporting both operators and also guests as well. So that part will be actually demonstrated through our video. And Q. And A,
Talitha: all right, I'm gonna stand up okay to.
Talitha: I want you to take a moment
Talitha: and imagine a world where travel feels effortless
Talitha: once you arrive, you're not just a visitor, you're at home.
Talitha: Your space is intuitive and welcoming each detail tailored to your desired experience.
Talitha: This isn't just a fantasy. It's the future we're building.
Talitha: But reality is 700 million short-term rental travelers globally lack support when navigating unfamiliar places which can quickly turn a joyful getaway into a stressful ordeal.
Talitha: On the other hand, millions of short-term rental hosts struggle to be available. 24, 7 manually answer repetitive questions and balance operations with business growth.
Talitha: I'm Talitha, CEO of Collab, and we're redefining hospitality.
Talitha: Let me take you into a future where you all have a 5 star concierge at your fingertips, anticipating needs, sparking inspiration, and making every stay seamless.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, 57.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So, so I like it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I feel like you teased me a little bit with the lead in, and it didn't pay off.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So read your 1st couple sentences.
Talitha: Yeah. So I want you to take a moment and imagine a world where travel feels effortless
Talitha: once you arrive, you're not just a visitor. You're at home. Your space is intuitive and welcoming each detail tailored to your desired experience.
Talitha: Do you want me to continue.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So. So what I was expecting from the and maybe it's just that each detail tailored to your experience or feel at home. I was expecting. You have something where it's like virtual reality you're gonna make like at my house. The the salt is on the left, and the peppers on the right or whatever like that. You were gonna rearrange things before I got there. And I don't think that's what you're delivering.
Talitha: No, no.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so the the I really liked it. And, by the way, your delivery was great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Did you see how she like she almost was like taking me on this journey. Right? Imagine a world
Troy Henikoff (he/him): with and with your your voice was soothing. You were getting me to think about it. You got excited at times, but the thing that annoyed me was that I didn't have the payoff that I felt like you laid up in the front.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and so
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think there's probably I think it's easy. Well, it's gonna be hard. But I think once you get the right thing, it'll be easy to deliver. I think you have to replace the part where you make me think you are physically rearranging the place. I'm going to stay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): With something that says we make it intuitive about, make it intuitive to find the things that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't know what the right words are. Here.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, their problems are fixed. It's not just like they can find recommendations. It's that like, there's no hot water. Well, it's fixed really quickly, because we have this concierge that'll help you. So I feel like that's what needs to replace it right like, where any any problem is is immediately fixed
Lilliana Robinson: in a timely and convenient way.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Not only are you one touch, one touch away from knowing everything about your stay in the location. Any unexpected problems that come up are immediately fixed with our with our 24, 7 concierge.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Now it feels like, Oh, I'm going into an unfamiliar place. You're going to make it familiar for me. And if I have a problem, you're gonna fix it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That's something you can actually deliver.
Talitha: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I think you just need a subtle thing in the beginning, where, instead of
Troy Henikoff (he/him): when I when I heard your beginning, I thought you were gonna literally, physically rearrange the place to make it look like my house.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That is what it is that way.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and that's not what you're doing.
Talitha: Yeah.
Talitha: so question, so what we were trying to do here is basically like the you're at home. It's the idea that you don't feel foreign anywhere, because you would know the spaces that you're going into. You know all the information about it. That's why it's like intuitive and feels welcoming. You don't feel like, Oh, this is like, how do I figure out this new space and not just space, but also like the local area and stuff like that. But what you're saying is, it creates like false expectations.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, the way you delivered it. I definitely in the 1st paragraph, thought you were gonna actually physically rearrange space for me.
Talitha: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then it didn't pay off. So I was disappointed. So yeah, I
Troy Henikoff (he/him): yeah, be careful. Like, are you gonna make the space more intuitive? Or are you just gonna provide tools
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to make it easy to find what you need to make it easy to accomplish what you want to accomplish
Troy Henikoff (he/him): cause. I don't think you're gonna change the physical space right?
Talitha: No.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So be careful about words like that. We're going to make the space more intuitive.
Talitha: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I really like it?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so your customer is like Airbnb owners.
Talitha: Exactly. So. It's like these property management companies that have a portfolio of short term rentals. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): No, and I've I
Troy Henikoff (he/him): stay in a bunch of Airbnb. I travel. I stay in a bunch of Airbnbs, and I could use that because I'm always fighting for. Oh, my God! Where is the Wi-fi password? Do I need a key to get, you know, to take the garbage out? What am I like? I don't know. There are 100 things that I always ask the same things every time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and making that intuitive and easy would be great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I can't quite picture how you're delivering it. But that's okay.
Talitha: Well, that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That in the.
Talitha: Still in the video, exactly. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Awesome.
Talitha: Okay, so we'll fix the intro part to make it a bit more connected to the actual product that we're delivering at least the service.
Lilliana Robinson: Like Troy, picked out the exact phrases that were a problem, and it was I completely agree with the ones he picked up. So watch back the recording, because when you read it back it's like those last 2 phrases, because even I, this is the 1st time I've heard this hook because you had a different one last week. Even I was like, that's not exactly what what you're delivering right. And it's not
Lilliana Robinson: what you're delivering is not of lesser value. It's just different than what you're saying.
Talitha: Yeah, I would also say you were swaying, and it was distracting.
Talitha: Oh, Catherine.
Lilliana Robinson: We practice standing up so you need to like, stay still. I don't know if Troy you noticed that, or if swaying is fine, if they're not moving their feet.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm zoom. I tend to like close my eyes or look in a different direction. So I'm concentrating on the words more than the but, the reason we have you stand up when you're on zoom is you tend to speak differently when you're standing up, you're more energetic.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I didn't really watch and see you swaying. I apologize.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. And the second half.
Talitha: The walk of it. So sorry. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Practice planting your feet. I just like usually put a tape X on the ground, and you practice standing on that. And the second half was more rushed in your delivery. I agree with Troy that you were energetic at good parts, so there was like the inflection of energy, but you started speeding through, and you came out to only 57 seconds. So just put some more pauses in the second half, very similar to Morgan, like you have this great opening that's timed perfectly. And then you just started like, and then we do this. This is this, and this is the end.
Lilliana Robinson: And I don't know if, Troy you felt the way about the closing that Nick also had the problem. But I I was surprised that Talitha ended like it didn't feel like that was the end. I almost feel like you need.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Read your last last 2 sentences.
Talitha: Yeah. So it's I'm Talitha, CEO of Collab, and we're redefining hospitality. Let me take you into a future where you all have a 5 star concierge at your fingertips, anticipating needs, sparking inspiration, and making every stay seamless.
Lilliana Robinson: See your delivery was different. There, that's not how you said it the 1st time.
Talitha: Exactly.
Lilliana Robinson: Very clear that that's the end.
Talitha: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Make it S.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Pacing it. Pacing gives you a good clue as to what's happening right?
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, you must have said it in a way that made it sound like there was like another sound.
Talitha: More to go. Okay, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Was was great. So just say it like that.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I think you've thought you were running out of time or something.
Talitha: Yeah, I always feel like I have to like Rush, because I'm being I'm so slow. But there's gonna be one more sentence at the end where we're gonna connect it to the video. So just sort of like. And this is how we support hosts and guests alike, and then cue to the video.
Lilliana Robinson: That's fine. Just make sure that you. You know that you're under time, so you can take those pauses. Don't feel rushed like you know how long your pitch is. You don't have to guess so. Just calm, calm, and deliver it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: Anything else, Troy. Here, we're good.
Talitha: Okay. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Health blocks near it.
Nirat Attri: So for us the objective is to gather preliminary investor interest. So the way we are structuring the pitch is to paint a grand vision for our healthcare platform
Nirat Attri: and get them interested enough to ask questions about how it's being done, and potentially, that serves as a hook into our demo video. And any gaps that are left. We are aiming to take that up in the Q&A,
Nirat Attri: so that's where we stand up.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Let's hear it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Expect big things out of you. We went back and forth a couple times.
Nirat Attri: Yes, American healthcare is a paradox.
Nirat Attri: Today I can sequence a genome in 2 h. Yet, ironically, I can spend longer waiting at the effing doctor's office, due to horrible healthcare systems
Nirat Attri: across 350,000 Us. Healthcare practices, staff waste countless hours in paperwork and juggling, disconnected systems leading to burnout and billions in lost revenue.
Nirat Attri: I'm Nerok Atri, and after successfully exiting my previous health tech startup, I knew there had to be a better way.
Nirat Attri: so I decided to build health blocks, a platform with a suite of plug and play Api modules that seamlessly connect existing systems without the need for expensive overhauls
Nirat Attri: our early results speak for themselves.
Nirat Attri: Poor healthcare companies already use our platform reducing manual work by 80% and impacting profit margins by up to 40%.
Nirat Attri: We're not just building another healthcare tool.
Nirat Attri: We're creating the infrastructure layer that will finally let you unlock decades of healthcare data reducing cost, increasing revenue.
Nirat Attri: But most importantly, enabling convenience.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 0, 4.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm biased because I helped you write parts of it, but I think it's good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I like the paradox. That's a really great word. When we were talking about this we talked. We didn't come up with that, but that I think that's great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Read your 1st sentence with the paradox thing in it again, because there was something in it I wanted to tweak.
Nirat Attri: American healthcare today is a paradox. Today you can sequence a genome in 2 h. Yet, ironically, you can spend longer waiting at the effing doctor's office, due to horrible healthcare systems.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So I think there's a little tweak to that. And I I'm trying to find things to improve. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him): healthcare American healthcare is a paradox. You can sequence an entire genome in 2 h. Yet it takes longer than that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to whatever the thing was like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's just a little word choice there, but you just set up 2 h, and so do the contrast of longer than that to do this simple little task, you know, to fill out the paperwork and see a doctor, whatever the the what was the back end of that.
Nirat Attri: You can. Still waiting at the effing doctor's office, due to horrible healthcare systems.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But it takes longer. But you spend more time than that waiting at the doctor's office, due to.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Healthcare systems like there's a just set up that contrast. You've set up the 2 h. So just contrast it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): directly. But no, I like it. I'm curious what the rest of the group thought
Troy Henikoff (he/him): cause he definitely changed it since the last time we did this together.
Nirat Attri: I think that was literally the phrase that I changed because, like everybody, wanted it to be smaller. But then I actually figured what we had initially was better. Even as I said it, like, this was one of the second times that I was doing this version. But yeah.
Nirat Attri: the version that you're mentioning fits better.
Lilliana Robinson: I do agree. I was gonna say, it's a little bit out of place, you say, Effing.
Lilliana Robinson: because the way that you delivered it was so calm
Lilliana Robinson: like you almost are like a doctor. You're coming off as an authority. You're very calm. You're like sternly saying these things. There's really no room to even doubt you. That's how well you're delivering it. I liked your hands like this. There was no fidgeting. You were an authority, and so it's a little bit out of place to say something more like juvenile. I don't know if you, if you want that in there as like talk value, or
Lilliana Robinson: 1st people to like Perk up their ears. It's up to you, but that's what I thought. But I really loved your delivery standing up. It was just so calm. Your body positioning was just like radiating authority. It was very good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I agree. I think the
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know you could say fucking.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and I think that would be probably worse. It would get more of a shock value. And I think Effing feels sort of man out of place. I would probably skip that word as I did when I delivered that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I just think it's not.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, when in Routeific, he said, that, you know don't make left hand turns. I'm going to tell you that's bullshit, but he wasn't trying to be a doctor. He wasn't trying to be a an authority, and I I think it worked there. It's unusual
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in general. You have to have a really good reason to to swear on stage.
Nirat Attri: I think the idea was that, like I was expecting the room to be crowded. So I wanted like to have that shock value to begin with, so that people pay attention.
Nirat Attri: But I also understand, like, I'm also putting it there for no justification, like I started off with like fucking. But then it's just not me. So I
Nirat Attri: like, like, somewhere in the middle. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: But you found another way to get people to listen. Which is the way you're delivering it, like I think people are going to be like. Oh, this is really interesting, because you're not saying it in a monotone way, like some of your classmates here who, I've said, need to work on it. You're saying it in a calm way. So it's just like, Oh, I really need to listen to this guy. He knows what he's talking about.
Lilliana Robinson: That's all you need. And then George had a good point. You're talking about how frustrating it is so sound frustrated you don't have to use. You don't have to use verbiage for it.
Lilliana Robinson: waiting at the doctor's office, okay.
Nirat Attri: I'll I'll work with that.
Lilliana Robinson: Board of.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): No, I think it's very good.
Lilliana Robinson: Troy. I can see your hand in that that I really like. That's really good.
Nirat Attri: It's all I think it's it's 90% dry at this point. So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You're delivering it. You gotta own it.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, it's yours now.
Lilliana Robinson: All right, George. Last, but not least.
Lilliana Robinson: Start with your objective.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay, thanks. Troy. Yeah. So objective is to sort of
George Reed - Noetic: I'm looking for client attention. I'm looking to speak with clients. And so I want to use the 1 min pitch to sort of set up the problem and sort of
George Reed - Noetic: maybe make people in the audience feel some sort of frustration with the problem and then use the demo video to give a real world example and have an actual
George Reed - Noetic: client go through their case study in the video to sort of make it feel real, and then use the Q&A to fill the gaps in terms of the business and everything.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright. So I'm gonna ask you to restate that using specific language. This is something we did last time. So you said.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm gonna talk about the problem. I'm gonna have a client. I'm gonna do. QA. In real life. And you didn't even use a single word that gave me clues to what your business is, or who the client is, or what the problem is right. So we have to all get out of the habit of saying, I want people to understand my problem. We have to say, I want people understand how painful it is that healthcare systems don't connect to each other.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right? That's the that's what you want. Right? So let's do it again. But use specific language about who your client, what the problem like, use specifics whenever available.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): use specifics.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay? Sure. So speaking to clients who are consumer insight managers, I want them to use the pitch to
George Reed - Noetic: make them feel the pain of conducting poorly
George Reed - Noetic: some guided research making the wrong decisions, costing them that money
George Reed - Noetic: and then use the demo to give a real world example of that where a project was failing, and would have been a complete wash had they not used noetic system to then revive the product, and then put it on the right track. And then, yeah, use the Q&A to
George Reed - Noetic: fill in all the gaps that those consumer insight managers might be thinking about
George Reed - Noetic: based on those 1st 2 parts? Does it make more sense.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Makes much more sense to me. It's much more specific, and I think for everybody
Troy Henikoff (he/him): use specific language whenever possible, especially when you can replace a
Troy Henikoff (he/him): generic word like client with a specific word, consumer insight manager, I mean, it's 3 words. But you know, instead of saying, I'm looking for clients, you say I'm looking for consumer insight managers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Like it. Just use specific specific language. All right, go ahead.
George Reed - Noetic: Cool. Thanks, Troy! Alrighty!
George Reed - Noetic: So some of you in the audience might remember when 2 of the world's largest consumer brands Coke and Pepsi took a bet on natural sodas. Coke life and Pepsi. True.
George Reed - Noetic: Well, there's a reason why most of us don't remember. And both were multimillion dollar failures. And how about Hollywood's short form streaming service quibi, which imploded in its 1st month after burning through nearly 2 billion dollars of funding
George Reed - Noetic: with an easy way to understand their consumers at every decision point they could have significantly mitigated these risks.
George Reed - Noetic: I'm George, founder of Noetic, and for consumer insight teams who need fast and accurate research, we enable a constant collaboration with their market by reflecting consumers, own insights back to them through iterated conversation.
George Reed - Noetic: before the product launches before millions are invested, and before career ending mistakes are made.
George Reed - Noetic: Imagine if Coke had a super low friction way to know their natural soda would be rejected, or if Quibi had understood that viewers don't want short form. Hollywood, content.
George Reed - Noetic: know that it could have saved them from career ending failure with our democratized consumer directed research. Let's hear from our client Dom, to see how it works.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 0, 3.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I like that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Cool you are.
George Reed - Noetic: Thanks. Paul.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Compared to the 1st time you were very specific about what problem you're solving and for whom you used an example. What I like about the example of the natural sodas. Is it caught my attention? Right? You named 2 sodas I'd never heard of.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and it's like you may have heard of. No, I haven't heard of those. And then you made me feel okay about it, because you said most of you haven't, because it was such a failure.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay, I'm not clueless like it was. It was engaging. And I was thought, What's the next example? Oh, Quibi, that's right. I've forgotten the name, Quibby, but I did remember that experiment, that short form video experiment where they spent so much money.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I thought it. I thought it was compelling and great. Now, hopefully, you have a video that's going to deliver
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and and show us how it works. But I think the pitch is very good.
George Reed - Noetic: Cool. Thanks, right. Thanks to you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Thing, so if I were to try to make it better.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think you can tweak your delivery a little bit. You can be a little bit more passionate. You were a little.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You were still, you had variation.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but you were a little monotone in it.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah. Totally. Okay. Cool.
George Reed - Noetic: Got a couple of weeks, not 10 days to work on that. Thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: I think your opening can be a lot more fun in the delivery.
Lilliana Robinson: because that's that's interesting. Right? That's like, I think it's going to be a breath of fresh air with like, how you're opening. It's interesting. It's like, Oh, that's really cool. That's an interesting way to think about it, but you're delivering it like it should be boring almost, but it's like fun and interesting. So say it like it's fun and interesting.
Lilliana Robinson: Remember, like Pepsi Pepsi life, or whatever it's called Coke. What it was. It was it called Coke life.
George Reed - Noetic: Coke, life and Pepsi, true.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, Coke life. And is he true?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And you gotta. And the way to make it more impactful
Troy Henikoff (he/him): is to deliver it in a way where, like in the 1st sentence, you just are assuming everybody remembers it right? So what was it.
George Reed - Noetic: Og, Coclear, Pepsi, True.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So you all probably remember when the 2 biggest soda companies
Troy Henikoff (he/him): did. You know, had this had this natural flavoring thing Pepsi life and poke true.
George Reed - Noetic: True. I'm doing it the other way around where I'm like skeptical tone.
George Reed - Noetic: But you're right. That's that's better.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So if you do it like that, and everybody's like, Wait! No, I don't. Well, many of you don't remember it, because it was a total failure.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): How about Quibi? Remember that 1, 2 billion dollars spent on short form video turns out, none of us want to watch short form video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It'd been amazing if they'd had those insights before they spent the money.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But I think deliver the the Pepsi life, and Coke, true as though you're assuming everybody's heard it.
George Reed - Noetic: Hmm.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then you pause, and they say most of you haven't, because it was a total failure.
George Reed - Noetic: Like. I think that'll be punchier, cool.
Lilliana Robinson: It's all about the job.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The right words. You just change the delivery.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay, love it. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: But you have to have that drop that Troy was saying.
George Reed - Noetic: I put the pause in, and I do that. But I gotta change the tones, flip the tone kind of yeah, I like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, yeah. Get all excited. You guys all remember that great fight between Pepsi and Coke, where they did Pepsi life and Coke True was awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Oh, most of you don't remember that, do you? It was a total failure.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): How about Quidby? Remember, you know, like
Troy Henikoff (he/him): again, you're overemphasizing. It would feel unnatural in a face to face conversation. But when you're on stage delivering to 150 people.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it'll feel just right.
Lilliana Robinson: And, like you said you have 10 days, so it will feel unnatural at first, st and then the more you do it, it'll feel natural.
Lilliana Robinson: Good job, George.
George Reed - Noetic: Awesome. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Troy. We made it because we only have 9 today. The other 3 had something they let us know. Thank you for coming 3 times. I cannot thank you enough for sharing your time. He only does this with our cohort guys. So this is like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, this is a, this is a special thing for you guys.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, and we really really appreciate it. It honestly makes such a difference for all of the pitches. It's it's wonderful. Thank you so much for
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Fun, and I will be there in person. I can't wait to see you all meet you all in person, and watch you kick ass on stage.
Lilliana Robinson: When do you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Like I don't know. 2 noon or 2 o'clock on Friday, so.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, great. Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'll go straight there.
Lilliana Robinson: Amazing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't even know where there is, but I'm sure I have it in my calendar, so I'll figure it out.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we're saying.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): At 4.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, the doors are gonna close at 4 15. So just make sure you're there before that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay, hold on. Let me check what time I land.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and you got to save me a seat.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't do all this work for free. I need a seat.
Lilliana Robinson: Of course.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I anyone. It's gonna be you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. We'll also.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Oh, I land at 1244, so I should have no trouble at Sfo.
Lilliana Robinson: Totally put you in the front row.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right. Awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Good luck!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Practice, and remember
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that you are building muscle memory. However you practice. However, whatever your intonations are, whatever your hand motions are, that's what you're going to default to when you're nervous on stage.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So whatever you want it to be on stage, that's how you should be practicing, whether it's in front of a mirror, whether it's in front of your friends, whatever it is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): practice the way you want to deliver it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then that'll be natural, and that's how you'll deliver it, because that's what you'll default to.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You heard him. Okay, Troy. See? You soon.
George Reed - Noetic: Troy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Bye.
Talitha: Bye, thanks, bye.